born-again Christian Richard still
hasn't found his perfect partner after
four months of hunting high and low
tonight he's trying another blind date
and this time he's going all guns
blazing Richard's date is 23 year old
Laura a born-again Christian from Bath
normally and one of these people that's
very last minute with my outfits but
this time round I did have a good think
about it I spent probably a few hours
having thinking about it lying awake at
night thinking about what I should wear
she works for the church and like
Richard for a Christian media company I
suppose the best thing that could happen
would be that we would get on really
well and perhaps then we could I've gone
another date at one point maybe yeah
maybe it could be a relationship I don't
know
Laura's only been single for the last
three months
you two you get yeah good night my sweet
just come up from the train I'm liking
the sparkly shirt I knew happening you
were I would have been like hacking
myself yeah oh no you said like gangster
language I said well you know these
young bees now they say the word sick
basically means like it was really
really good so it was nice tonight
sick that's totally not get too much
like a 13 year old like schoolgirls yeah
subscribe her pony awesome
he's like constant all the time so I'm
just really lame yeah
such a Christian words well that's so
awesome awesome describe Richard as just
fun like really lovely and just a really
really good guy I can kiemce very well
as well
I love this sense of humor you know the
hospital's Haman are really silly but I
love it and I say tell me that she
doesn't take life too seriously which is
fantastic so what kind of thing is we
wanna thank questions light
okay what do I ever partner I don't
really go for a tight in the past I've
like dated people who questions are
people who are questions I've found from
experience like things sometimes a
question is a lot easier yeah so what
are you often like when Christians think
of dating they can get a bit serious
about it do you know I mean like the one
light has to be the one
actually it's if I put God uses like you
meeting I'm being in different
relationships in like every significant
way to help you grow as a person
I got quite deep and in a way it's
really just like fun and easy to chat to
so yeah he's probably better than I I
thought he could be that fancy hair yeah
i i I'm shy about those things that I
really want to say outright I fight
about okay what I'm basically trying to
say is that be really nice to go out on
the second date
I probably did better or do fancier
yeah I mean I said it there it is I said
it see awesome awesome
or some listen amazing yeah alright hey
guys